Dominic Ropeti (born 4 February 2003) is a New Zealand rugby union player, who plays for Moana Pasifika and Wellington. His preferred position is flanker. == Early career == Ropeti was born in New Zealand but is of Samoan ancestry. He attended Scots College, Wellington where he played rugby and earned selection for the New Zealand Barbarians schools team. He then earned selection for the Hurricanes U20 side in 2022 and previously in 2021. Ropeti plays his club rugby for Oriental Rongotai. == Professional career == Ropeti has represented Wellington in the National Provincial Championship since 2023, being named in the squad for the 2025 Bunnings NPC. He signed for Moana Pasifika ahead of the 2026 Super Rugby Pacific season. == References == == External links == itsrugby.co.uk Profile

The construction industry of India is an important indicator of the development as it creates investment opportunities across various related sectors. With a share of around 8.2%, the construction industry has contributed an estimated ₹670,778 crores (US$ 131 billion) to the national GDP at factor cost in 2011–12. In 2011, there were slightly over 500 construction equipment manufacturing companies in all of India. The sector is labor-intensive and, including indirect jobs, provides employment to more than 49.5 million people. The construction sector is visualized to play a powerful role in economic growth, in addition to producing structures that add to productivity and quality of life. economic development is a term that economic politicians and others have used frequently in the 20th century, modernization westernization, and especially industrialization are other terms people have used while discussing economic development. economic development has a direct relationship with the environment. government undertaking to meet go abroad economic objectives such as price stability, high employment, and sustainable growth, such efforts include financial and economic policies, regulations of financial industry trade, and tax policies. == Future challenges == India's population is expected to increase to 1.7 billion by 2050, and the results show that this will put a lot of pressure on people. India is facing a problem of inefficiency, which may pose a major problem, the future of the construction industry and world and the development of its infrastructure. However, India's efficiency is very serious, which may be due to the underdeveloped labor force and the time and cost overruns faced by each project. == Top Construction Leaders in India == Raviraj Realty, Pune == References ==

Valentin is a male given name. Valentin or Valentín may also refer to: Valentin (surname), a surname Valentin Taifun, biplane of the modern German Valentin Flugzeug company Valentin (grape), another name for the Austrian wine grape Roter Veltliner Vermentino, another wine grape with Valentin as a synonym The Nazi Germany code name for the Valentin submarine pens Valentín, a 2002 Argentine film Valentín Alsina, Buenos Aires, an Argentine town == See also == Saint Valentin (disambiguation) Valentina (disambiguation) Valentine (disambiguation) Valentini (disambiguation) Valentino (disambiguation)

Dumar was a 12th-century Slavic prince and warrior in Western Pomerania. He was defeated while fighting against the raid organised by Lothair III, duke of Saxony, and Henry II, margrave of the Northern March in 1114. While it remains unknown from which tribe he came from, it is proposed that it could have been Kessinians, Pomeranians, Redari, or Tollensians. == Biography == Dumar was described in writings of Annalista Saxo. According to them, he was Slavic prince and warrior in Western Pomerania, living at the beginning of the 12th century. He fought during the raid against the tribe of Lutici, organised by Lothair III, duke of Saxony, and Henry II, margrave of the Northern March in 1114. Following his defeat, he was forced to surrender his son as a hostage. A prince of Rani tribe attempted to help him, however he was also defeated. It is unknown from which tribe Dumar came from. Some historians proposed that he was a prince of Kessinians, or a chief of Redari or Tollensians. Other propose that he could have came from a tribe of Pomeranians, living at the mouth of Oder river, and could have been the father of Wartislaw I, since, as a child, he was baptized while also being a captive of Saxons. == References ==

Fumiaki Tanaka (田中 史朗, born 3 January 1985) is a retired Japanese rugby union player. He played as a scrum-half for Japan on international level and for the NEC Green Rockets and the Sunwolves at domestic level. == Career == Tanaka was not seen as one of the top prospects in Japan whilst at University, but after joining the Panasonic Wild Knights in 2007 he played alongside former All Blacks fly half Tony Brown who was credited with helping him to develop immensely and Tanaka himself cites Brown as one of the most important influences on his career. After Tanaka's first season in the Top League in 2007/08, he was named in the team of the season alongside Brown and also was named as newcomer of the year. After his first season in the Top League. Tanaka made his debut for Japan against the Arabian Gulf in May 2008 coming off the bench. He soon became a regular member of the Japan side and made the squad for the 2011 Rugby World Cup as first choice scrum half and is currently considered one of Japan's best and most important players. At domestic level, after being named in the Top League team of the season in his first year, he backed that up by being named in it again in 2008–09 and 2010–11. After performing well at the World Cup despite it being a disappointing tournament for Japan, along with hooker Shota Horie he was signed by Otago and reunited with Tony Brown, his former teammate at the Panasonic Wild Knights who was now his coach. He won plaudits for his performances with Otago with his coach Brown calling him a "world class player" and the New Zealand Herald noted him as one of the most exciting players in the ITM Cup and was regarded as a cult hero for Otago and seen as their standout player. Following his good performances with Otago, he became the first ethnic Japanese player to sign a Super Rugby contract when he was named in the Highlanders squad for the 2013 season. After signing for the Highlanders, there was significant international media interest in him as the first Japanese player to play Super Rugby. He was said to have most interview requests out of anybody in the Highlanders team and attracted more attention than many of the World Cup winners in the squad. Japanese TV channels NHK and WOWOW did documentaries on his time in New Zealand, he also received a segment on IRB Total Rugby and even made the pages of the New York Times. After initially being limited to mainly to substitute appearances behind All Blacks scrum half Aaron Smith, in Tanaka's second start in Super Rugby he was highly lauded for his performance against the Blues which even drew positive comments from the IRB CEO Brett Gosper. In June 2013, Tanaka helped inspire Japan to their first ever win over Wales where he continued his run of form and was praised as one of the game's outstanding performers. He was also instrumental to the Japanese 32–34 victory over the Springboks in the 2015 Rugby World Cup, being selected Man of the Match. == Notes == At just 166 cm tall and weighing about 72 kg, Tanaka is one of the smallest professional rugby players in the world. He was the smallest player at the 2011 Rugby World Cup, and is understood to be the smallest player ever to have been involved in Super Rugby. Tanaka has commented that his size "is an advantage". Tanaka has a tradition of shaving his head before the first game of the rugby season. == References == == External links == Highlanders profile Fumiaki Tanaka at ESPNscrum (archived) http://www.rugbyworldcup.com/home/teams/team=49/player=29893/index.html (in Japanese)

Clayton Weatherman (born June 5, 1999) is an American professional stock car racing driver who last competed part-time in the ARCA Menards Series, driving the No. 10 Toyota for Fast Track Racing. == Racing career == From 2011 to 2013, Weatherman competed in select races in the SRL Legends Tour, winning two races at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway Bullring in 2011 and 2013. In 2014, Weatherman attempted to make his ARCA Racing Series debut at Salem Speedway, driving the No. 1 Dodge for the family-owned Weatherman Motorsports, where he would be classified in 30th after not starting the race. He would then run three more races with the team the following year, this time in the No. 10 Ford, a ride that he would share with his brother Kyle, finishing eighth at Salem, eleventh at Winchester Speedway, and fifteenth at Lucas Oil Raceway. In 2016, Weatherman would join Lira Motorsports at Nashville Fairgrounds Speedway in the No. 93 Ford, having tested with the team near the end of 2015. After starting fifteenth, he would go on to finish three laps down in fourteenth. He would then join Cunningham Motorsports at Berlin Raceway, driving the No. 22 Ford. After starting fifth, he would be involved in a multi-car crash late in the race and would once again finish fourteenth. In 2023, it was revealed that Weatherman would make his return to the now ARCA Menards Series at the DuQuoin State Fairgrounds dirt track, driving the No. 10 Toyota for Fast Track Racing. == Personal life == Weatherman is the younger brother of current NASCAR Xfinity Series driver Kyle Weatherman. == Motorsports results == === ARCA Menards Series === (key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.) == References == == External links == Clayton Weatherman driver statistics at Racing-Reference

"Heavenward" is a song by English alternative rock band Wolf Alice from their second studio album, Visions of a Life. It was released on 18 September 2017 through Dirty Hit as the album's fourth single. == Writing and recording == In a track by track breakdown for Consequence of Sound, drummer Joel Amey said: "I feel like "Heavenward" was one of the first ideas we really got to grips with; we have a few demo versions floating around, one of which was made in our manager's office basement and from which the opening build up noise is lifted. That passage always set such a mood and tone and for me that I couldn't have imagined it as anything other than the opener. The guitars are so dense and there are so many nuances that we had to think carefully about how the sonics of the other instruments should sit; we wanted to avoid classic 'radio rock' drums and keep them almost small in size to really push the walls of guitar noise. It's a favourite of mine, especially lyrically, but also for Joff's guitar anti-solo that comes in the middle 8th. I won't reveal how he gets the sound, but so far some people we've shown it to have said it's a saxophone or a set of distorted bagpipes which should give you an indication of the way Joff approaches the guitar!" == Release and live performances == "Heavenward" premiered on Zane Lowe's Beats 1 radio show, and subsequently released for digital download and streaming. According to a press release, the song is about the death of a friend. Wolf Alice performed the song in October 2017 as part of their set at their performance on KCRW's Morning Becomes Eclectic program. They also performed the song on WKQX's The Sound Lounge session in April 2018. == Composition == The Fader described the song as "mournful shoegaze." Varsity said the song "sounds like a continuation of their debut, with dreamy melodies emerging out of a shoegaze wall of fuzzy feedback and dissonant guitars. But from that point onwards, you're on a musical mystery tour of the wacky and unexpected." == Music video == The music video for "Heavenward" was uploaded to the band's Vevo channel on 26 September 2017. The video was directed by Andy DeLuca, and follows the band on tour. == References ==

Griffin Layne is an American country music singer and songwriter. Layne's debut single,"Nothin like a Southern Girl", has been added to the Most Popular Urban Cowboy Music Tracks Chart, by 93.5 FM. Layne co-wrote and produced his debut single, "Nothin like a Southern Girl", which was released on January 23, 2016 on Equus Records. Griffin won four awards for his work, including Artist of the Year at the Los Angeles Music Awards in 2007, Producers Choice Award at the Los Angeles Music Awards in 2008, Best Country Artist and Best Country Song at the IMC Awards in 2015. Griffin has cited some of his musical influencers, such as Dave Grohl. == References == == External links == Review: Country singer Griffin Layne delivers on new song 'Won't Let Go' Tree Planted for Griffin Layne in honor of his contributions to the Buenas Cosas community outreach program Archived August 7, 2016, at the Wayback Machine

Abalak (Russian: Абалак) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Abalkskoye Rural Settlement of Tobolsky District, Tyumen Oblast, Russia. The population was 806 as of 2010. There are 20 streets. == History == Before the conquest of Siberia, Abalak was a small Tatar town. It got its name from the Tatar prince Abalak, the son of the Siberian khan Mar. On December 5, 1584, near the walls of Abalak, a battle between the Cossacks and the horde of Mametkul took place, which opened Ermak the way to the further conquest of Siberia. The modern village arose in the 17th century on the site of the fortress and estate of the Siberian khan Kuchum. In 1636, the Abalak Sign of the Mother of God appeared to a local woman, Mary, after which the wooden Church of the Sign was built in Abalak. At the turn of the 17th-18th centuries, a whole complex of stone temples were erected here. In 1783, the Holy Sign Monastery was opened here. == Geography == Abalak is located 28 kilometres (17 mi) southeast of Tobolsk (the district's administrative centre) by road. Preobrazhenka is the nearest rural locality. == Attractions == Abalak Monastery with Abalak Sign of the Mother of God The tourist complex “Abalak” is located 20 km from the city of Tobolsk on the high bank of the Irtysh. The wooden fortress was erected next to the Abalaksky Holy Sign Monastery and is a reconstruction of the Siberian fort from the time of the conquest of Siberia by the Cossacks of Yermak Timofeyevich. == References == == External links == Media related to Abalak at Wikimedia Commons

The Ambassador of Sweden to Madagascar (known formally as the Ambassador of the Kingdom of Sweden to the Republic of Madagascar) is the official representative of the government of Sweden to the president of Madagascar and government of Madagascar. Since Sweden does not have an embassy in Antananarivo, Sweden's ambassador to Madagascar is based in Maputo, Mozambique. == History == On the occasion of the Malagasy Republic's declaration of independence on 26 June 1960, Acting Minister for Foreign Affairs Herman Kling stated in a congratulatory telegram to Madagascar's president and Head of Government, Philibert Tsiranana, that the Swedish government recognized Madagascar as a sovereign and independent state. He expressed the hope for friendly and cordial relations between the two countries. At the same time, King Gustaf VI Adolf sent a congratulatory telegram. In August 1961, Sweden's ambassador in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, Åke Sjölin, was appointed ambassador also to Antananarivo, Madagascar. On 7 March 1962, Ambassador Sjölin presented his credentials to the President Philibert Tsiranana. From 1961 to 1981, the Swedish ambassador in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, was also accredited to Antananarivo, the capital of Madagascar. In 1981, a Stockholm-based ambassador-at-large for the countries in and around the Indian Ocean, including Madagascar, took over responsibility for the accreditation. In 1999, responsibility was transferred to the Swedish ambassador in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. In the 2010s, it was transferred to the Swedish ambassador in Maputo, Mozambique. == List of representatives == == Footnotes == == References == == External links == Sweden Abroad, Madagascar (in Swedish)

Myles MacInnes (born 10 May 1978), better known by his stage name Mylo, is a Scottish electronic musician and record producer. His 2004 album Destroy Rock & Roll peaked at number 26 on the UK Albums Chart. He is best known for his 2005 single "Doctor Pressure", a mashup of his own track "Drop the Pressure" and Miami Sound Machine's 1984 song "Dr. Beat"; it peaked at number 3 on the UK Singles Chart. == Early life and education == MacInnes was educated at Portree High School on the Isle of Skye and followed this with a scholarship at George Watson's College, a private school in Morningside, Edinburgh. After completing his Certificate of Sixth Year Studies, with one course in chemistry and four in mathematics, MacInnes gained admission and matriculated to the University of Edinburgh. MacInnes had no plans after high school and initially wanted to lay bricks in Australia, but was unable to obtain a visa. At the University of Edinburgh, MacInnes studied mathematics, taking second-year mathematics classes in his first year. Submitting an open application, he then applied to study mathematics and philosophy at the University of Oxford and was allocated Brasenose College. In 1999, MacInnes graduated in Psychology, Philosophy and Physiology with a first-class degree. MacInnes then commenced studies for a PhD in philosophy at the University of California, Los Angeles but returned the next year to produce music, starting work on his album Destroy Rock & Roll. His brother, Hector, is songwriter and guitarist for the band Injuns. He also toured with Mylo throughout 2005 - serving his touring role on electronic drums. MacInnes's son was born in 2012. == Career == Mylo released his debut album, Destroy Rock & Roll in 2004, on the Breastfed Recordings label, which he co-owns. He produced the album on a computer in his own bedroom. Mylo has said that his label turned down fellow Scottish DJ Calvin Harris. He has provided remixes for Scissor Sisters ("Mary"), Amy Winehouse ("Fuck Me Pumps"), the Knife ("You Take My Breath Away"), the Killers ("Somebody Told Me"), Sia ("Breathe Me") and Moby ("Lift Me Up"). One of his works was a 2004 remix of Kylie Minogue's No. 2 UK hit, "I Believe in You", which appeared on the single that peaked at No. 3 on the US Hot Dance Club Play chart. His biggest chart success to date came in the autumn of 2005. This was when the single "Doctor Pressure", a mash-up of his own song "Drop the Pressure" and Miami Sound Machine's "Dr. Beat", peaked at No. 3 on the UK Singles Chart. The single performed well in the US, especially on the Hot Dance Airplay and Hot Dance Club Play charts, where it jointly made the top 10. "Muscle Cars", the follow-up single to "Doctor Pressure", was a hit in the UK and European dance charts, reaching No. 1 on the UK Club Chart in November 2005, and No. 38 on the UK Singles Chart. The video that accompanied the single courted controversy as it featured two supposed Chinese spies – actually played by British actors Bruce Wang and Alex Liang – inventing an electronic fly to spy on the American president, George W. Bush. Mylo did not appear in the video. In 2005, Mylo released a DJ mix titled Mylo's Rough Guide to Rave which was released as a covermount CD in Mixmag. He contributed to a song, "Mars Needs Women", to the War Child compilation album Help!: A Day in the Life, released in September 2005, and was also featured on the Canadian compilation album, MuchDance 2007, released in November 2006. In 2006, the track "Otto's Journey" was used in a television commercial for Kraft Zesty Italian Dressing, featuring Olympic figure skater Michelle Kwan. BBC Radio 1 played a world exclusive of a track by Mylo on 23 January 2009. The title of the track is unconfirmed, however Radio 1 referred to it as "I'm Back", because, as Annie Mac stated, "he (Mylo) sent it to us with the file titled I'm Back". The same month, he released another DJ mix album cover mount in an issue of Mixmag, this time it was called The Return of Mylo, which contained his new song "Wings of Fire". Mylo performed at the opening ceremony of the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow. In June 2016, Mylo released previews of new music. He said that undisclosed legal reasons were the explanation for his hiatus. == Discography == === Albums === === Mix albums === Mylo's Rough Guide to Rave (2005, free in Mixmag) The Return of Mylo (2009, free in Mixmag) === Singles === == References ==

Mary Jane Theis (born February 27, 1949) is a former justice of the Illinois Supreme Court for the First Judicial District in Cook County. In 2022, she became chief justice after the retirement of then-chief justice Anne M. Burke. Theis announced on January 12th, 2026, that she would resign from the Illinois Supreme Court effective January 29, 2026. == Early life == She was born Mary Jane Wendt in Chicago to Eleanore and Kenneth Wendt, a member of the Illinois General Assembly and a longtime judge in Cook County. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She received her bachelor's degree from Loyola University Chicago and her Juris Doctor from the University of San Francisco School of Law. == Career == Theis was assistant public defender in Cook County from 1974 to 1983. === Judicial career === Theis became a judge in 1983, serving as an associate judge in the Cook County Circuit Court from 1983 to 1988, a full judge in the circuit court from 1988 to 1994, and state appellate court judge from 1993 to 2010. From December 1997 until December 1998, Theis additionally served as president of the Illinois Judges Association. In 2010, Theis was appointed by the Illinois Supreme Court to fill a vacancy on its bench, taking office October 26, 2010. She won a full term in a partisan election in 2012. In the general election, Chicago Tribune endorsed her for election to a full term, citing her "universally accepted expertise on judicial ethics, family law, sentencing, fairness." She previously served as chair for the Illinois Judicial Conference's Committees on Education and Judicial Conduct, as well as on the Illinois Supreme Court's rules committee. In September 2022, she was named chief justice after the retirement of then-chief justice Anne M. Burke, effective October 26, 2022. === Academic career === Theis has taught at law schools in Chicago (Loyola University School of Law, Northwestern University School of Law, and the John Marshall Law School) and at Illinois and Chicago bar association conferences and seminars. == Honors and awards == Awards which Theis has received include a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Illinois Judges Association, the Mary Heftel Hooten Award from the Women's Bar Association of Illinois, and the Access to Justice Award from the Illinois State Bar Association. == Personal life == Theis is married to John T. Theis, and they have two children and seven grandchildren. == References == == External links == "Mary Jane Theis, Supreme Court Justice First District". Illinois Courts. Archived from the original on 2013-12-27. "Justice Mary Jane Theis". Loyola University Chicago.

Krishna (; Sanskrit: कृष्ण, IAST: Kṛṣṇa pronounced [ˈkr̩ʂ.ɳɐ] (Classical Sanskrit) and [kr̩ʂ.ɳɐ́] in (Vedic Sanskrit) is a Hindu deity worshipped across many traditions of Hinduism in a variety of different perspectives. In Hinduism, Krishna is recognized as the complete and eighth incarnation of Vishnu, or as the Supreme God (Svayam Bhagavan) in his own right. As one of the most popular of all Hindu deities, Krishna has acquired a number of epithets, and absorbed many regionally significant deities, such as Jagannatha in Odisha and Vithoba in Maharashtra. The Hindu texts portray him in various perspectives: a lovable infant, a divine child, a prankster, a cowherd, a model lover, a divine hero, a diplomat, a king, a kingmaker, a selfless friend, a philosopher, charioteer to Arjuna and a dispenser of spiritual discourse, in the Bhagavad Gita. Among the principal scriptures that discuss Krishna's legend are the Mahabharata, the Harivamsa, the Srimad Bhagavatam, and the Vishnu Purana. The Vishnu Sahasranama, the list of Vishnu's thousand names, also includes many of the titles and names of Krishna. == Epithets == In popular culture, Krishna is often associated with 108 names. The following is a list of fifty of among the most popular names, titles, and epithets associated with the deity Krishna: == See also == Names of God in Hinduism Svayam Bhagavan Bhagavan == References == === Bibliography === Knott, Kim (2000). Hinduism: A Very Short Introduction. Oxford University Press, USA. ISBN 0-19-285387-2. == External links == 108 names of Lord Krishna with meaning Krishnamrita stotra: 108 Names of Krishna as found in Brahmanda Purana 3.36; English translation by G. V. Tagare 108 Names of Krishna Astottara-satanamas (108 names): Krishna devanagari mp3 audio Sahasranamas (1000 names): Krishna, Gopala, Balakrishna, Radha-Krishna List of more names of Lord Sri Krishna

Achyuta Deva Raya (died June 1542) was a emperor of Vijayanagara who succeeded his older brother, Krishnadevaraya, after the latter's death in 1529. During his reign, Fernao Nuniz, a Portuguese-Jewish traveller, chronicler and horse trader visited India and spent three years in Vijayanagara. Achyutaraya patronised the Kannada poet Chatu Vittalanatha, the great composer and singer Purandaradasa, one of the major proponents of Carnatic music, and the Sanskrit scholar Rajanatha Dindima II. Upon his death, the succession was disputed. His son Venkata I succeeded him but ruled for a very short period and was killed in a chaotic succession dispute in which many claimants to the throne were killed. The dispute ended when his nephew, (younger brother's son) Sadasiva Raya, finally became the emperor while yet a child, under the regency of Rama Raya, a son-in-law of Krishnadevaraya. His wife's name was probably Varadambika. Sadasiva Raya was probably the son of Varadambika's sister Hemavati and her husband Ranga Raya. == Reign == The time when Achyuta Deva Raya became the emperor was by no means a favorable one. The peace and prosperity of the halcyon days under Krishnadevaraya were coming to an end. Feudatories and enemies were waiting for an opportunity to bring down the empire. In addition, Achyuta Deva Raya had to contend with the powerful Rama Raya, who was competing for the throne. While the works of Nuniz speak very lowly of Achyuta Deva Raya as being a monarch given to vices and cruelty, there is enough evidence to prove that the emperor was indeed noteworthy in his own right and fought hard to keep the prosperity of the empire alive. He had been personally chosen by Krishnadevaraya himself as a capable successor, handpicked to assume the imperial throne. The Turko-Persian Sultan Ismail Adil Shah of Bijapur invaded and captured the Raichur doab. The Gajapatis of Orissa and Quli Qutub Shah of Golconda Sultanate were defeated and pushed back. Achyuta Deva Raya along with his general Salakaraju Tirumala went on a southern campaign to bring the governors of Travancore and Ummathur under control. They were successful. Then they attacked the doab north of the Tungabhadra and recaptured the forts of Raichur and Mudgal successfully. The two Sanskrit works Achyutarayabhyudaya (lit. 'Exaltation of Achyutaraya') and Varadambikaparinaya (lit. 'Wedding of Varadambika') describe the emperor's life and reign in detail. Throughout his rule, Achyuta Deva Raya had to contend with the manipulations of Rama Raya who in his powerful capacity had replaced many of the faithful servants of the Empire in high ranking positions with men of his own favour. On more than one occasion the Bahmani Sultans were brought in to play the role of mediator between the emperor and Aliya Rama Raya in the game of power sharing. This would further weaken the Empire. Around 1540, Rama Raya imprisoned Achyuta Deva Raya in a coup. In 1542, Achyuta Deva Raya died, and was succeeded by his young son of Venkata I (Venkata Raya or Venkatadri Raya). But he was soon killed, and Sadasiva Raya became the new emperor. Rama Raya became the imperial regent and let very little governance in the hands of Sadasiva Raya. The Tiruvengalanatha temple was built at Vijayanagara during his reign. It has become popularly known by his name as Achyutaraya temple, rather than by the name of the deity Venkateswara to whom the temple was dedicated. == References == Prof K. A. Nilakanta Sastri, History of South India, From Prehistoric times to fall of Vijayanagar, 1955, OUP, New Delhi (Reprinted 2002) == External links == Media related to Achyuta Deva Raya at Wikimedia Commons Coins Pictures of temple on HampiOnline.com Achyuta Rayas Temple Photographs, 2013 Archived 9 November 2019 at the Wayback Machine Learn more about Achyutaraya Temple on HampiOnline.com

The Field of Wonders (Russian: По́ле Чуде́с, IPA: [ˈpolʲɪ tɕʉˈdʲes]) is a Soviet, later Russian adaptation of the U.S. game show Wheel of Fortune (loosely based on the original format; the license wasn't bought from the distributor) produced by VID, provided with elements of Russian culture and hosted by Leonid Yakubovich. In late 2021, Channel One Russia stopped buying The Field of Wonders from VID and originally meant to replace it with a licensed version of Wheel of Fortune under the same name since January 2022. Due to a trademark dispute with VID, the title of the new show was supposed to be Nashe Pole Chudes (Our Field of Wonders). However, VID later agreed to let Channel One keep the original The Field of Wonders name and the full 31-year archive, while Channel One will be producing the show onwards. == Format == Three contestants at a time compete by spinning a "cylinder" to determine a value or event, and then by guessing letters concealed in a puzzle to earn points. Unlike the U.S. version, all of the puzzles in a show revolve around a specific theme, and the puzzle is an answer to a question given beforehand as an additional clue. If a player manages to guess three different letters in a streak (and during one turn), they can earn a permanent cash bonus by picking one of two boxes presented to the player. 0 points and bankrupt does not break. Special spaces on the wheel include; Prize (П): A player who lands on this space can either take 1000 points, or take a secret prize as a buy-out to leave the game. The prize, which is hidden in a black box, may be a car, prize or some booby prize (such as a vegetable). Alternatively, the player may choose to accept a cash buyout, similar to Let's Make a Deal. Plus (+): Allows a player to choose a letter position, and reveal what letter is behind it and all other instances of it in the puzzle. No points are scored. Chance (Ш): Allows a player to phone a random viewer for help on the puzzle. If an answering person guessed the right letter or a word, he or she wins a prize. The player may change the answer and receives no points for it anyway. If the player doesn't want to use this space, this means 1500 points. Bankrupt (Б): The player loses all his/her points and their turn ends. If the same player hits Bankrupt twice consecutively, he or she wins a prize. 0: The player loses their turn. ×2: A correct choice of letter doubles the player's score. In earlier seasons, if more than one instance of the chosen letter was revealed, the player's current total was doubled for each instance of the letter (for example, if two letters, the points are quadrupled). More recently, the player earns their current score over again for each instance of the chosen letter. Million (М): The player has the chance of winning one million rubles. The player is presented with two bags. One has one million rubles inside and the other contains bagels. The player does not have to go for it if he or she doesn't want to. A player may attempt to solve the puzzle during his or her turn either before spinning the wheel or after, when they are able to call a letter. If that player correctly solves the puzzle after spinning the wheel, without first calling a letter, he or she receives the highest point value on the wheel for each instance of the un-revealed letter. The word must be read as shown, and correctly pronounced (though some variations in pronunciation are accepted). Each one of the first three rounds uses a fresh set of 3 players, and players are removed from the game if they solve the puzzle incorrectly, or if they accept a prize. If one player remains in a round, the player does not automatically advance to the final, but is allowed up to 3 additional turns, after which they must attempt to solve the puzzle. If the last remaining player fails to solve the puzzle, they are also eliminated and nobody wins the round. The final round is played by the winners of the three preceding rounds using the same rules. (Because a round can end with no winner, there may be only one or two players in the final round. In the event that nobody wins a round, the final round is not played, and the game is over immediately.) The winner of the final (if any) becomes the winner of the show and can then use the points earned to buy prizes. (If nobody wins the final round due to all players being eliminated, the game is over immediately.) The point totals are not shown during the game, but are instead announced by the host when the winner begins to buy prizes. However, the winner can also choose (but is not obligated) to participate in an additional bonus round, "Супер Игра" (the "Super Game"). In this bonus round, prizes are placed on the wheel, and the player spins to determine the prize they will play for. Then, a puzzle is presented, and the player says four letters to be revealed (if they exist) in the puzzle. The player then has 60 seconds to solve the puzzle. If the player correctly solves the Super Game puzzle, the prize is won. Failure in the Super Game means that the player loses all of the prizes that they purchased, but retains any gifts or prizes won in the main game. In more recent years, the Super Game puzzle consists of three words - one main word written going across, and two others going up and down, similar to a crossword puzzle. The contestant wins the prize spun for guessing the main word; a car is added to the prize for also guessing the two vertical words in addition to the main word. Failure to guess the main word, regardless of whether or not the two vertical words were guessed, loses the prizes purchased. (Occasionally, the host will allow the contestant to keep one or more of the purchased prizes in the event of a Super Game failure.) Unlike the American version of the show, the Russian version places greater emphasis on the host interviewing and socializing with the contestants than figuring out the puzzle. === Content rating === According to Russian system of television age restrictions, the current rating of the show suggests it is intended for ages 16 and above, unlike the American version which is suitable for all age groups. == Russian cultural features == On the American show, the wheel spins fast and letters are guessed in a rapid-fire progression, whereas on the Russian show, the wheel is designed to spin very slowly so that the host can have lengthy conversations with the contestant. The candidates and the host are gathered around a well-laid table. An early tradition dating back to the first episodes of The Field of Wonders involves the contestants bringing in gifts for the host. For example, a contestant that works at a factory would bring in that factory's most famous product, or a contestant from a far-away town would bring in some culturally-significant item to represent where they live. Eventually, the show's production company established a museum near their studio, where these gifts are now placed for public display. Most of the candidates also bring homemade food as gifts. The moderator often tastes something of the food and it is often given out to the public. Furthermore, each of the guests brings along a musical gift, so that the guest himself or his friends, relatives, well-known acquaintances and children perform on stage to entertain the audience, the other show participants and host through singing and dancing. Often traditional songs are performed. == References == == External links == VID TV company - VID company official site Polé Chudes - The Field of Wonders page (in Russian) Personal page of the Russian satirist Sergey Kondrariev - "The larches" monologue in Russian

Wesley Michael Nott (born May 19, 1952) is an American former professional football quarterback who played in the National Football League (NFL) and Canadian Football League (CFL). He played college football for the Santa Clara Broncos. He was a member of the Kansas City Chiefs and Oakland Raiders of the NFL, the Saskatchewan Roughriders and BC Lions of the CFL, and the Washington Federals of the United States Football League (USFL). == Early life and college == Wesley Michael Nott was born on May 19, 1952, in Eureka, California. He attended Analy High School in Sebastopol, California and graduated in 1970. Nott played played college football for the Santa Clara Broncos of the University of Santa Clara, with his final year being in 1974. He only played in five games total during his final two years of college. == Professional career == Despite an unimpressive college career, Nott was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs due to his strong arm. He was placed on injured reserve in 1975 and did not play any games that year. He played in one game for the Chiefs during the 1976 season, completing four of ten passes for 46 yards while also punting once for 35 yards. Nott was released by the Chiefs on August 31, 1977. Nott signed with the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League (CFL) on October 2, 1977. During the final game of the season on November 6, 1977, Nott entered the game after starter Eric Guthrie suffered an injury. However, Nott separated his shoulder on a hit by Ron Estay. Nott ended up requiring surgery for his injury, which left him out of football for the entire 1978 season. Overall, Nott dressed in three games for the Roughriders during the 1977 season, completing four of 15 passes for 70 yards and two interceptions. Nott was signed by the Oakland Raiders in May 1979. He was waived/injured by the Raiders on August 14, 1979. Nott signed with the BC Lions of the CFL on August 24, 1979. He dressed in five games for the Lions during the 1979 season, completing 16 of 27 passes (59.3%) for 376 yards two touchdowns, and one interception. He dressed in four games, including his only career pro start, in 1980, recording 20 completions on 43 attempts (46.5%) for 383 yards, three touchdowns, and three interceptions. Nott was released by the Lions on June 29, 1981, before the start of the 1981 CFL season. He signed with the Lions again in 1982 but was cut before the start of the season. Nott played touch football during the fall 1982 season. In November 1982, the Chicago Blitz of the United States Football League (USFL) traded Nott's USFL negotiating rights to the Washington Federals for Walt Williams. Nott had been working as an investment consultant in Surrey, British Columbia when he learned the Federals had acquired his rights. He signed with the Federals on December 10, 1982. He was cut on February 22, 1983. == References == == External links == Stats Crew profile

In biochemistry, chemosynthesis is the biological conversion of one or more carbon-containing molecules (usually carbon dioxide or methane) and nutrients into organic matter using the oxidation of inorganic compounds (e.g., hydrogen gas, hydrogen sulfide) or ferrous ions as a source of energy, rather than sunlight, as in photosynthesis. Chemoautotrophs, organisms that obtain carbon from carbon dioxide through chemosynthesis, are phylogenetically diverse. Groups that include conspicuous or biogeochemically important taxa include the sulfur-oxidizing Gammaproteobacteria, the Campylobacterota, the Aquificota, the methanogenic archaea, and the neutrophilic iron-oxidizing bacteria. Many microorganisms in dark regions of the oceans use chemosynthesis to produce biomass from single-carbon molecules. Two categories can be distinguished. In the rare sites where hydrogen molecules (H2) are available, the energy available from the reaction between CO2 and H2 (leading to production of methane, CH4) can be large enough to drive the production of biomass. Alternatively, in most oceanic environments, energy for chemosynthesis derives from reactions in which substances such as hydrogen sulfide or ammonia are oxidized. This may occur with or without the presence of oxygen. Many chemosynthetic microorganisms are consumed by other organisms in the ocean, and symbiotic associations between chemosynthesizers and respiring heterotrophs are quite common. Large populations of animals can be supported by chemosynthetic secondary production at hydrothermal vents, methane clathrates, cold seeps, whale falls, and isolated cave water. It has been hypothesized that anaerobic chemosynthesis may support life below the surface of Mars, Jupiter's moon Europa, and other planets. Chemosynthesis may have also been the first type of metabolism that evolved on Earth, leading the way for cellular respiration and photosynthesis to develop later. == Hydrogen sulfide chemosynthesis process == Giant tube worms use bacteria in their trophosome to fix carbon dioxide (using hydrogen sulfide as their energy source) and produce sugars and amino acids. Some reactions produce sulfur: hydrogen sulfide chemosynthesis: 18H2S + 6CO2 + 3O2 → C6H12O6 (carbohydrate) + 12H2O + 18S Instead of releasing oxygen gas while fixing carbon dioxide as in photosynthesis, hydrogen sulfide chemosynthesis produces solid globules of sulfur in the process. In bacteria capable of chemoautotrophy (chemosynthesis), such as purple sulfur bacteria, yellow globules of sulfur are present and visible in the cytoplasm. == Discovery == In 1890, Sergei Winogradsky proposed a novel type of life process called "anorgoxydant". His discovery suggested that some microbes could live solely on inorganic matter and emerged during his physiological research in the 1880s in Strasbourg and Zürich on sulfur, iron, and nitrogen bacteria. In 1897, Wilhelm Pfeffer coined the term "chemosynthesis" for the energy production by oxidation of inorganic substances, in association with autotrophic carbon dioxide assimilation—what would be named today as chemolithoautotrophy. Later, the term would be expanded to include also chemoorganoautotrophs, which are organisms that use organic energy substrates in order to assimilate carbon dioxide. Thus, chemosynthesis can be seen as a synonym of chemoautotrophy. The term "chemotrophy", less restrictive, was introduced in the 1940s by André Lwoff for the production of energy by the oxidation of electron donors, organic or not, associated with auto- or heterotrophy. === Hydrothermal vents === Winogradsky's suggestion was confirmed nearly 90 years later, when hydrothermal ocean vents were discovered in the 1970s. The hot springs and strange creatures were discovered by Alvin, the world's first deep-sea submersible, in 1977 at the Galapagos Rift. At about the same time, then-graduate student Colleen Cavanaugh proposed chemosynthetic bacteria that oxidize sulfides or elemental sulfur as a mechanism by which tube worms could survive near hydrothermal vents. Cavanaugh later managed to confirm that this was indeed the method by which the worms could thrive, and is generally credited with the discovery of chemosynthesis. A 2004 television series hosted by Bill Nye named chemosynthesis as one of the 100 greatest scientific discoveries of all time. === Oceanic crust === In 2013, researchers reported their discovery of bacteria living in the rock of the oceanic crust below the thick layers of sediment, and apart from the hydrothermal vents that form along the edges of the tectonic plates. Preliminary findings are that these bacteria subsist on the hydrogen produced by chemical reduction of olivine by seawater circulating in the small veins that permeate the basalt that comprises oceanic crust. The bacteria synthesize methane by combining hydrogen and carbon dioxide. === Chemosynthesis as an innovative area for continuing research === Despite the fact that the process of chemosynthesis has been known for more than a hundred years, its significance and importance are still relevant today in the transformation of chemical elements in biogeochemical cycles. Today, the vital processes of nitrifying bacteria, which lead to the oxidation of ammonia to nitric acid, require scientific substantiation and additional research. The ability of bacteria to convert inorganic substances into organic ones suggests that chemosynthetics can accumulate valuable resources for human needs. Chemosynthetic communities in different environments are important biological systems in terms of their ecology, evolution and biogeography, as well as their potential as indicators of the availability of permanent hydrocarbon- based energy sources. In the process of chemosynthesis, bacteria produce organic matter where photosynthesis is impossible. Isolation of thermophilic sulfate-reducing bacteria Thermodesulfovibrio yellowstonii and other types of chemosynthetics provides prospects for further research. Thus, the importance of chemosynthesis remains relevant for use in innovative technologies, conservation of ecosystems, human life in general. == See also == Primary nutritional groups Autotroph Heterotroph Photosynthesis Movile Cave == References == == External links == Chemosynthetic Communities in the Gulf of Mexico Archived 2010-05-28 at the Wayback Machine

Maktesløs is the first EP by the Norwegian unblack metal band Frosthardr released in 2004. The EP mixes the rawness of punkish old school black metal and the complicated song structures of progressive black metal. The title track is an industrial music style intro, and the last song "Vandret" is an outro of the same style. The cover art was designed by Samuel Durling, depicting a negative of a black and white graveyard photo, and a logo that contains a crossbow element. Morten Magerøy of Vaakevandring and Antestor fame contributed some keyboards for the EP. Collin of Metal Storm wrote about the album that "This first EP (that's also their first official release ever) proves that contrary to all expectations [that they were just another black metal band from Norway], Frosthardr is one of the most innovative and inventive bands I've heard this year (2005)." == Track listing == "Maktesløs" – 0:58 "Koma" – 6:05 "Death - My Relief" – 8:52 "Ravnestrik" – 9:15 "Vandret" – 1:04 == Line-up == === Band members === Jokull - guitars, vocals Dr. E - guitars, additional vocals, whipcracks on "Ravneskrik" Ozol - bass Savn - drums === Session member === Morten Magerøy - keyboards == References ==

David Kendziera (born 9 September 1994) is an American Olympic athlete who runs the 400m hurdles and 110m hurdles. == Early life == From Mount Prospect, Illinois, he attended Prospect High School and the University of Illinois. == Career == Competing at collegiate level, he was a 10 time NCAA All-American and 4 time NCAA Championship medalist. Kendzeira finished third at the 2015 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships running 49.56. At the 2017 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships he finished third in the 110m hurdles in a time of 13.59, and 7th in the 400m hurdles. At the 2018 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships he finished second in the 110m hurdles, and third in the 400m hurdles. At the 2019 Meeting de Paris he finished sixth in the 400m hurdles in a time of 49.16. At the 2019 Prefontaine Classic he finished fourth in the 400m hurdles in a time of 49.46. In Minsk, Belarus in September 2019 he won the 400m hurdles in The Match Europe v USA. On September 17, 2020, in the Stadio Olimpico in Rome Kendziera ran 49.35 placing him in the top ten for the year worldwide. On June 26, 2021, the Mount Prospect, IL native qualified for the Tokyo Olympics in the 400m hurdles after setting a personal record of 48.38 seconds and placing third in the finals at the US Olympic Trials. On July 29, 2021, Kendziera placed fourth in the 400m hurdles quarterfinals in the Tokyo Olympics and qualified for the semi-finals. Competing at the 2023 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, in Eugene, Oregon, he qualified for the finals and finished seventh in the 400m hurdles. == References == == External links == David Kendziera at World Athletics David Kendziera at www.USATF.org David Kendziera at Olympics.com David Kendziera at Team USA (archived) David Kendziera at Olympedia

The Prince Albert II Foundation (Official name: Fondation Prince Albert II de Monaco) is a Monaco-based charity which has donated millions in various environmental projects. The foundation was initially created in 2006 by Prince Albert II of Monaco and it concentrates on environmental protection, sustainable development, climate change and the promotion of renewable energies as well as biodiversity. The foundation supports also projects which develop water resource management or desertification control technologies. The foundation is part of the Foundations Platform F20, a global network of foundations and philanthropic organizations. == Background == In 1906, Prince Albert I, a pioneer in oceanography who paved the way as far as environment protection is concerned, explored the unknown regions of Spitsbergen. In harsh weather conditions, the Prince and scientists aboard his vessel made an inventory of marine life and took meteorological readings and photographs in order to study the movements of the sea ice and glaciers. In 2006, Prince Albert II of Monaco, in the footsteps of his great-great-grandfather, visited the Arctic, reaching the North Pole on 16 April so that he could assess the effects of global warming on the weakening ice. Following this expedition, the Prince decided to create a foundation dedicated to environmental protection. == Purpose == The foundation has set itself into three specific goals: To form partnerships in order to conduct projects in its priority areas for action. To raise the awareness of the population and public authorities regarding the impact of human activities on the natural environment in order to encourage more environmentally friendly behaviour. To promote outstanding initiatives and innovative solutions, in particular by awarding prizes and grants. == Geographical areas of activity == The foundation implements a wide range of projects in its three priority geographical areas of activity. The Mediterranean Basin is a natural priority area due to the geographical location of the Principality. The foundation is keen to take action with the players concerned, in order to preserve the wealth of the marine and land ecosystems, to curb the extinction of the most endangered species and to develop access to water resources. The Polar Regions, privileged witnesses to the world environment. The effects of global warming, pollution, the extinction of species and the threats to the indigenous people are considerable. The Least Developed Countries, particularly exposed to major environmental issues, are affected by desertification, water scarcity and deforestation. The foundation devotes part of its efforts to these countries not only to find a solution to these scourges, but also to contribute towards their action in support of sustainable development. == Projects == The foundation is involved in various projects such as: === Saving of the Bluefin Tuna === On the initiative of its president, Prince Albert II, the Prince Albert II of Monaco Foundation and the WWF set up a partnership in January 2008 to take action with a view to saving the bluefin tuna from ecological extinction. Since 2008, a large number of restaurant owners in the Principality of Monaco have responded to the appeal jointly launched by the Prince Albert II Foundation and the MC2D association to stop serving bluefin tuna, and thus raise awareness of the need to save this symbolic species of the Mediterranean, while there is still time. Consequently, a moratorium has been implemented in cooperation with food retailers and professionals and Monaco has become the first “bluefin tuna free” country. Since then, many other countries have followed suit. Monaco's government departments, supported by the Prince Albert II of Monaco Foundation, subsequently initiated a procedure to add the bluefin tuna to Appendix I of CITES (Convention on the international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora). For many months, the listing, which would have resulted in the ban on international trade of this fish, has been the topic of debate in several countries. On 3 March 2010 during the Doha Conference, the Obama administration announced that it was in favor of adding the bluefin tuna to appendix I of CITES. The European Union officially endorsed this decision on 10 March by announcing that it would vote in favor of this listing. Despite such support, the Doha Conference rejected Monaco's proposal on 18 March. Japan, the main consumer of thunnus thynnus, in addition to the developing countries, was strongly opposed to the ban. However, this is the first time that a debate on the preservation of an endangered species has made the headlines of the international press. === Foundations for the Mediterranean Meeting === The Prince Albert II of Monaco Foundation organizes international meetings between foundations involved in environmental issues and their impact on the people and companies of the Mediterranean. The event brings together a hundred or so participants including over 40 international foundations and NGOs working on environmental issues and sustainable development in the Mediterranean. The aim is to create a forum to promote dialogue between the heads of these foundations, making it possible for them to expand their scope of activity, whilst at the same time fostering new partnerships and developing new networks. === Monaco makes a commitment against deforestation === The MC2D association, with the support of the Prince Albert II of Monaco Foundation, has decided to launch a campaign, in Monaco, to promote the use of wood harvested from sustainably managed forests. This campaign is entitled “Monaco makes a commitment against deforestation”. Deforestation of the tropical rainforests accounts for more than 20% of greenhouse gas emissions and moreover leads to soil degradation, loss of biodiversity and the exclusion of the local populations. One of the most effective ways of combating this scourge is to give these forests an economic value through the development of sustainable management. Such management enables us to target certain species of tree and of a certain age only, whilst at the same time respecting biodiversity-rich areas and the people living there. Rational forestry practice enables forest regeneration and generates economic value for the parties concerned, foresters and the indigenous people alike. One of the concrete catalysts for change resides in the production, marketing and utilisation of certified wood under the FSC (Forest Stewardship Council) label, which is currently the most important forest certification label for the tropical rainforests. With this initiative, the Principality aims to set an example for the protection of the tropical rainforests and the fight against global warming. == Media events == Polar Expedition On 5 January 2009, the Prince set off on a second 17-day polar expedition to Antarctica travelling from the West to the East. Initiated on the invitation of the international scientific community, Prince Albert II's 2009 Antarctic mission had three main objectives: To alert international public opinion on the dangers of global warming and urge everyone to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, To promote scientific research in the Polar regions by lending support to the men and women working there, To bring attention to article 2 of the Madrid protocol to the Antarctic Treaty, which entered into force on 14 January 1998, and which stipulates that “the Antarctic is a natural reserve devoted to peace and science”. Exhibitions focused on the environment The Prince Albert II of Monaco Foundation is the instigator of many exhibitions focused on the environment. Jane Goodall: Face To Face Laurent Ballesta: Planète Mers Vinaj, Robion, Gouron: Nos Montagnes Jacques Perrin and Jacques Cluzaud: Oceans Thierry Bisch: "Delete?" The Prince Albert II of Monaco Foundation Awards Since 2008, the prince has presented awards to key figures for their exemplary action in favour of the environment and the protection of the planet, in each of the foundation's three priority fields of activity: climate change, the preservation of biodiversity, access to water and the fight against desertification. “I wanted to create these Awards to lend my support to the exceptional women and men who have made a personal commitment to save our planet.” declared the Prince at the first edition of the event. Prizewinners have been: 2008: Alain Hubert, Jane Goodall and Sunita Narain 2009: Edward Osborne Wilson, Marine Silva and Pan Yue 2010: James Lovelock, Peter Hamilton Raven and Malin Falkenmark 2011: Gretchen Daily, Andràs Szollosi-Nagy and David Suzuki 2012: Jean Jouzel, Sir David Attenborough and the Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI) 2013 International Council for Science (ICSU); the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR); John Antony Allan and Jane Lubchenco 2014: Ove Hoegh-Guldberg (Climate Change award)); International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List of Threatened Species (Biodiversity award); Ma Jun (Water award) 2015: Bill McKibben (Climate Change award);Emmanuel de Merode (Biodiversity award); Loic Fouchon (Water award) 2016: Laurance Tubiana (Climate Change award);Luc Hoffman (Biodiversity award); South African Water Research Commission (Water award) == Organization == The Prince Albert II of Monaco consists of a board of directors, an executive board, a scientific and technical committee, an ethics commission and a development committee. === Board of directors === The board of directors ensures that the foundation's goals are achieved by taking all the measures necessary. It is entrusted with: Ensuring that all the foundation's goals are taken into consideration, Enacting the general principles and provisions necessary for the foundation's activity, Establishing and evaluating the annual action program, Managing the budget. === Executive board === The foundation has an executive board composed of a president, a vice president, a secretary general, a treasurer and two administrators nominated by the board of directors. The purpose of the executive board is to supervise the foundation's activities. It administers day-to-day business and implements the decisions of the board of directors. === Scientific and technical committee === The scientific and technical committee ensures that the foundation's positioning is transcendent, and furnishes its expertise when selecting projects to be supported by the foundation. It is entrusted with: Ensuring scientific and technical monitoring in conjunction with its network of partners. Establishing requests for proposals and taking part in the project selection process. Organizing leadership processes for project managers and project evaluation. === Ethics commission === The ethics commission provides the guarantee that all the foundation's activities respect the basic values of the foundation and the ethical requirements that any organization of public interest managing capital flow has to fulfil. It is entrusted with: Defining the foundation's priorities based on universal ethical values. Taking part in the evaluation of the action programme. === Development committee === The development committee helps to raise the financial resources necessary to develop the foundation's action programme and to ensure its sustainability. It is entrusted with organising and managing an international fundraising network. == See also == List of environmental awards == References ==

Li Shizhi (simplified Chinese: 李适之; traditional Chinese: 李適之; pinyin: Lǐ Shìzhī; Wade–Giles: Li Shih-chih; 694 - 747), né Li Chang (李昌), formally the Duke of Qinghe (清和公), was a Chinese poet and politician during the Tang dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. He was known as one of the Eight Immortals of the Wine Cup due to his ability to drink a large amount of wine without becoming drunk. == Background == Li Shizhi was born in 694, late in his father Li Xiang's life. His grandfather was Li Chengqian, the eldest son and original crown prince of Tang dynasty's second emperor Emperor Taizong. Li Chengqian was deposed in 643 but spared, and his line was bypassed in the subsequent succession, which eventually went to his brother Li Zhi (Emperor Gaozong). Li Shizhi's father Li Xiang (李象) served as a prefectural secretary general during the reign of Emperor Gaozong's wife Wu Zetian, but was removed by her. Li Shizhi himself started his public service as an officer of the imperial guards during the second reign of Emperor Gaozong's son (and thus his cousin) Emperor Zhongzong. == During Emperor Xuanzong's reign == In the middle of the Kaiyuan era (712–741) of Emperor Zhongzong's nephew Emperor Xuanzong, Li Shizhi became the prefect of Tong Prefecture (通州, in modern Beijing). He was known for being able, and after the imperial attendant Han Chaozong (韓朝宗) surveyed the region, Han recommended him to Emperor Xuanzong. He thereafter successively served as the commandant at Qin Prefecture (秦州, roughly modern Tianshui, Gansu), the prefect of Shan Prefecture (陝州, roughly modern Sanmenxia, Henan), and then mayor of Henan Municipality, to which the eastern capital Luoyang belonged. It was said that Li Shizhi's governance was simple and straightforward, and that he did not dwell on details, to the relief of the officials and people under him. While at Luoyang, he was responsible for building three major levees that alleviated flooding problems that plagued Luoyang, and when a monument was subsequently erected to commemorate his contributions, Emperor Xuanzong had his son Li Lin (李璘) the Prince of Yong write the text and Li Ying the Crown Prince write the heading, a great honor for Li Shizhi. Li Shizhi later served as Yushi Dafu (御史大夫), the chief imperial censor. In 736, Li Shizhi, lamenting the fact that neither his grandfather nor his father, on account of their removals, received an honored burial, requested that they be allowed to be reburied near the tomb of Emperor Taizong. Emperor Xuanzong agreed, and further posthumously created Li Chengqian a prince and Li Xiang a duke, as well as bestowing posthumous honors on Li Shizhi's uncle Li Jue (李厥) and several of Li Shizhi's brothers. They were buried together in a grand ceremony. Li Shizhi was soon made the minister of justice (刑部尚書, Xingbu Shangshu). It was said that Li Shizhi liked entertaining guests, and that he was able to drink two liters of wine without being drunk. Although he spent nights entertaining guests and only days on the affairs of state, he was able to get everything done. In 739, Li Shizhi became the governor at You Prefecture (幽州, roughly modern Beijing) and acting military governor (jiedushi) of the region. In 742, after the death of the chancellor Niu Xianke, Li Shizhi succeeded Niu as Zuo Xiang (左相) -- the head of the examination bureau of government (門下省, Menxia Sheng) and a post considered one for a chancellor; he was also created the Duke of Qinghe. He served alongside Li Linfu, and they fought over control of government, although since Li Shizhi was not a deep thinker, Li Linfu was able to find ways to damage him. For example, on one occasion, Li Linfu told Li Shizhi that there were gold deposits at Mount Hua that could be mined—and Li Shizhi, as Li Linfu intended, then proposed to Emperor Xuanzong to mine the gold deposits. Li Linfu then pointed out that pursuant to Taoist principles, he believed that a mine at Mount Hua would damage Emperor Xuanzong's health, thus bringing imperial displeasure on Li Shizhi. In another incident, in 745, with Li Shizhi also serving as the minister of defense and Emperor Xuanzong's son-in-law Zhang Ji (張垍) serving as deputy minister and whom Li Linfu also disliked, Li Linfu had some 60 officials at the minister of defense accused of corruption, and then coerced confessions out of them by torture, intending to use this to discredit Li Shizhi and Zhang, although neither was punished. However, subsequently, Li Linfu was able to accuse several officials friendly with Li Linfu—Huangfu Weiming (皇甫惟明), Wei Jian (韋堅), Pei Kuan (裴寬), and Han Chaozong—and get them demoted or exiled. Li Shizhi, in fear, offered to resign the chancellor position, and in 746 was removed from his chancellor post, becoming an advisor to the new crown prince (Li Ying having been forced to commit suicide in 737) Li Heng. He wrote a poem in which he lamented that after he was removed, not even his family and friends were visiting him. Later in 746, however, when Li Linfu made further accusations against Wei, Li Linfu implicated a large number of Wei's associates, including Li Shizhi. Li Shizhi was thus demoted to be the governor of Yichun Commandery. In 747, when Li Linfu was able to get Emperor Xuanzong to send the imperial censor Luo Xishi (羅希奭) to various commanderies to execute Wei and several other officials implicated, the commanderies were terrorized. As Luo was approaching Yichun, Li Shizhi was fearful and committed suicide. == Notes and references == Old Book of Tang, vol. 99. New Book of Tang, vol. 131. Zizhi Tongjian, vols. 214, 215.